I will.
So let's see the second approach.
The other alternative approach of matching the explanation.
Only if you are not able to figure out the.
This one, which is also a nice approach.
It's just based on the property of Columbus, but just let it not be when I get some of this rhythm.
Want to find the sun?
So let's see an example of how to do it.
So firstly, I always do.
I always started by writing some F metric later, later than ever in my.
Metric and this is it's it has some some tilt and turn it as if we were taking them by trend because
some drilling will require for an economy within and it will also require if you've been through an
equitable and minus rate now.
What is the next metric that we can have?
So if I multiply it to a metric into this fine metric, I should get an F and plus one metric.
So just replacing and Y and plus one or more.
Should I get as in plus one f and plus one.
Even minus Rite Aid.
So this was.
But yeah, this should be f.
And not even minus one I'm replacing.
And why and plus one, right.
So now again is religious bigotry metric, which is very you know, because I have to use these three
things to make the simplest one what for readers and brethren inherited it is Essen plus F and plus
one some tool and plus one term right.
Which is Sunderland Templar seven plus one.
How will this will be?
It is very easy.
F and plus one is it goes to F and reserve in minus eight.
So basically did the sum of all three.
Right and the next to me and plus one.
So what did happen.
Plus one it is F in plus a friend minus one.
Right.
Which is nothing but some of both the lower Adam's and the last one is.
Evan, I want to just find no different, which is does this cross diagonal eight.
So this is the thematics that's prepared for me for this particular F matrix.
And this is F and plus one metric ladies.
So.
Yeah.
Let me just quickly share an example why it will work.
So the metrics is 111011010.
Right.
So let's see.
This metric is the base.
Let's make a base case.
We have n minus one here.
Right.
So let's make the basic need to replace.
And by one, we will.
So this becomes f one, which is some till quantum is one because f in is one and F in minus one is
zero.
So what will be the multiplication of these two mattresses, sort of B one plus one, two.
And the next will be one here only.
And the last one will be zero.
I hope the last one will not be zero.
It will be this one into this one.
It will be one eight.
But this is the.
F and plus one which is F2 matrix and this contains S2 bundle two terms offered when accurate, which
is feedback is zero plus.
We want to keep one.
We're going to in Q2, which is zero plus one plus when it is true.
I hope you got this.
And again, if you multiply the three metrics with F2, let's see if I multiplied t matrix with F2 or
delete, I get F3.
You can try this will bullet squirted out quickly and yeah.
So this is just some previous code and let me just remove this.
I wouldn't change anything.
We were here in the matrix structure and I just yeah.
So this is the function, if you will.
Some will pass and do it and it will give me the sum of the atom.
Will this.
So.
Yeah.
Let me.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So let's see out here, Blossom, and we want to find out some detail.
Amsterdam minus Bobo, some tail and minus one down eight.
So here we can see that and is and can also be zero.
That means and minus one can also be negative, which is minus eight.
So let's write some base cases, which is very simple.
If end is minus one, written zero.
Right.
If and zero.
What is the subwoofer when I get zero rated also zero.
And if fairness.
One.
Then let's return one.
Well, let's return these three values.
Now we know that.
And is greater than equal to two.
So here, let me try that and is greater than equal to two right now.
We have a detergent matrix that we used to have.
This is the thematic that I have to make.
So the thematic is one when one in the first.
True.
But do you not m.
Zero zero is equals 22.01 equals 23.02 is a goes to one.
So fill the first row with one.
And also you can see that the sizes three.
Now that means all the emergency there will be of regrowth.
38i hope you won't get confused aerators.
You can increase or decrease the site as you want to.
And the second row is zeroes on the second part.
So let me quickly move.
This would be zero one and zero two is one.
And the third one, we have it in just the middle part.
Let me remove this and let me also remove.
Right.
So as you can see, we have the zero zero.
Otherwise everyone will be.
We have these ones and everything else will be zero.
Now, this is the base case, right?
So in the base case, I can.
Yeah.
So any greater than or equal to two now.
Basically, if I let's see if I pass and it goes straight to here, what will happen?
It won't go here.
You'll.
It this willful knowledge.
And as he goes to do so, this value will go to name.
So it will mean meaning.
It will try to find quiet of it.
Basically, it will find these square.
Into whatever the base and multiplying rates of the base case here is nothing but this which is 110,
which is F1.
Right.
So I'm trying to multiply the F1 would be square, but that should not happen because these going into
everyone will give me F3 and will not give F2.
Right.
So if I'm passing and as to here let me subtract and by one and minus equals 2.8.
Why am I subjecting and by.
Because if an is being possessed I just want to find out it restricted power and minus four and not
be the power in those days to the power and minus one into the base cases giving F2 and not F1.
I hope you got this.
But this is.
We are just subtracting one because.
Because let me also quickly write this because he is quite everyone is 83.
But every the rich will give some third rate similarity.
Cube f1 is f or right.
Well basically if necessary then we are getting food.
And so.
But we want parents rich.
I'm just subtracting and buy one so that we can get the third answer.
I hope that's fine.
Now, after this, we have found out that there is this de matrixes.
We have honored the deeds to the Bible and minus one.
And after I founded the deeds to the boat and minus one, what I can do is.
I just have to multiply the first row with the first column of the F because I just want a center right
here.
I just want the center.
I just multiply the first row with the with this column, which is 110.
But indirectly, what will happen?
This will get multiplied by this.
This will get multiplied by this rate and this will get multiplied by this.
Basically, F and minus one is zero because of the base case.
Okay.
Let me limit it to basically this is to the bar with something.
Let's let me call it key into the base case.
What was the base case?
110.
We know the first rule will get multiplied by the sum.
So let me write first row as ABC rate.
So it will be in two one plus being two one plus seen to zero.
We are not considering see what we do is we'll say into one plus being doing rate which is nothing but
these are rendered m00e and is rendered m01, which is b I'm not taking the third value because if I
take this R value, I say this, let's say zero one.
Do I have to multiply by zero rate the base in the base case we we saw that it's zero the F in metric.
We will not multiply this.
And finally we'll take mode and attendee values.
I hope this works.
Let me build this quickly.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's too.
008.
So let me quickly go over this again.
I don't think so.
There should be an error.
This is the key metric.
The metric is 0110121.
And zero one.
Okay.
So this is the first two eight in the first row.
It should be one one and in the second should be two one.
My red.
Right now we are seeing good numbers.
My word.
Sorry, guys, because in the first story, it should be one day.
I just copy paste and it always happens with me whenever I copy paste things.
So here what we have we have four then and yeah.
So it will still not work quite because it m subtracting rate.
Let's say the numbers are huge.
If I subtract them they will not give me the right number because of the modulus properties.
I simply lose.
I will add more.
And then I again ignored.
And then they should give me the overdoses as these numbers were small.
So it was giving me the right answer.
But I just remember this is more or less probably don't ever forget this if you're subject.
So there was a time when I was giving some long talent and it took me two days to realize this because
at the time I was on YouTube programming, no one was going to tell this part to me, and it took two
days to figure out that it might just be smart.
It might not be if I want to more, it should be A-minus.
B-plus more than Hallmark eight.
Yeah.
And we can simply submit this word as well on this page and.
To the.
Yeah.
Let me submit it also.
Also, I strongly suggest that you all try it once before and then somebody will.
Thank you, everyone, in the next part.